Doctor, lend me out
With no
The bone marrow of three people
Neither match
Oops we 300,000 gone
If you don't deserve it, you don't deserve it.
We made 50,000 bucks anyway
We are not at a loss.
Mom and Dad, let's go
Long time no see
Aren't you going in to see Xiaoxue?
What's there to see?
Not long to live anyway
Walk around, walk around, hospitals are full of germs
I don't feel comfortable walking all over after staying for a long time
Are you still human?
Wife what are you doing
The doctor made you squat on the bed and lie down, graduate
I see.
Got leukemia
I also know that you went to my parents
You go home
Okay, okay, don't say anything.
Wife
We should not only treat
To be completely cured
You trust me.
I'm going to be fine.
I will make a lot of money.
You are in peace in the hospital waiting for treatment
Waiting for bone marrow treatment?
But no but
Wife, you are my life
I can't live without you